* Baby, I love you, but I'm just here for those Post-Soviet, Stara Zagora Blues

„Бейби, обичам те...“

You wake with a start, mezzed out of your mind.
Fuck, do Bulgarian yonderkids like to party hard.
You look around the hovel for any sign of occupency, but there's only a love stained sheet and old sweat for memory.

„съм само тък за този“

Today will be a Good Day(TM); you have work, your term just reminded you with a beep.
That blue-tinged mezz-fuzz is starting to wear off, though your junk still throbs.
It's for Valentin; fucking South Slav Pan Balkanists can't turk their own data.
No matter; it's worth a heavy stack of лева and fuck them if they can't write a distributed map-reduce in Hy3k.

„Постсъветското“

You meet Valentin in the last механа in town; he's ordered you боб чорба, but it's cold.
No matter, first non-tab food you've had in days.

Clearly his bratva goes is into the siolviki, augmented muscle graft look, but that might just be his day job for the local СОД.

He doesn't say much; he only speaks New Slavonic to strangers, and you only standard Bulgarian.
None of that Church-inspired crap for you.

No matter; you get the basics „куб данни; парола към поще“

He walks away in that cute little СОД get up, and leaves a neat stack of лева; 1/2 a job's pay, enough for a yonderkid to party.
боб чорба and лева? What more can a yonderkid want?

„Стара Загора“

The local data net is surprisingly dense with compute nodes; at the low-end are people avoiding local insurance payments, and at the high-end are proper servers.

You rent some time on an appropriately middle-end set of systems; no need to alert any local пламени that you have hot data you need to move fast. 

It's mostly agricultural training data for the local tractor combine's self-managed farm operations. The address is to some North American Union AgHegmon; probably some middle manager who needs to make up a research defecit.
It's hard to beat Bulgarian flexibility combined with Chinese practicatly and cheapness.

Unzip. Slice. Code some map. Code some reduce. Mix in with NAU data sets, zip, HMAC, Sign & send.

You find Valentin sitting right where you expect him: sitting guard in a bank.

You're in that quaint town, those white-washed walls, those red-tile roofs, with the clop-clop-clop of Цигани carts.

You idly plan a party; maybe Ivanovo will be up for a little fun & mez?

„Блъс“

The explosion is a white as the walls, and the pain is as red-tinged as the roof tiles.
The local paramilitary wing of the BZNS takes „Земеделска Защита“ to the extreme.

Fuck, this wound is going to be expensive to fix off the grid.
You see two purses; no qualm taking them, when the owners have been red-misted. 

The local data net is flush with postings looking for whomever processed the data; you anonypost to the local turk board for a ride out of town.
А хиляда-лева should get you to the illegal grow vats of Nova Zagora nicely.

You calm down when the woman who answered your post isn't СОД or BZNS paramilitary. That clop-clop-clop is the sweet intro beat to your Нова Загора блус.
